hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be filming a what I eat in a day but
it's gonna be a slightly different one
because I'm going to be doing two
different days one whilst I'm at home
while most I'm at University so I'm
going to be showing you the home on
burst which is what I'm eating today
down so I had two parts to my breakfast
the first part is a smoothie and I just
took two large handfuls of spinach and
then chopped up one Apple
[Music]
then I had about a quarter of a cucumber
I love putting cucumbers in my smoothies
because it gives it this really lovely
fresh taste and then they just top that
off with some coconut water this is such
a delicious smoothie and I've been
having at most mornings because it just
starts off your day in a really nice way
it's really refreshing and it's packed
full of greens
and then spot two to my breakfast I
decided to have some porridge I didn't
actually have that much porridge this
morning usually I will have a larger
bowl but we got pizzas last night and I
was actually still people from that so I
only had a small bowl and I top that off
with some hemp seeds what have you got
oh and NOLA had a strawberry and she was
being really silly and playful with it I
also had a Brazil nut because of the
selenium in them I'm actually pretty
full after that Gharib you feel like
finishing my smoothie at the moment
because I'm just not really hungry I'm
gonna pour into all these popsicle molds
and I'm gonna have it later as a
popsicle I think that'll be really good
this is me trying and failing to
successfully pull my smoothie and use
popsicle moulds I did get it all over
the table we're here at this bar thing
and I mentioned this in a video couple
weeks game
my mom has kindly given my sister and I
these vouchers for Christmas for massage
yeah which is really nice
this is Martha's orange jumper she
doesn't want to be in the video
[Music]
yes so this was my lunch I didn't
actually end up really liking it I
always feel bad when I don't like the
food that's like I order when I'm out it
was really nice to just sit down for
lunch with my mom and sister and I
didn't end up finishing this so when I
got home I got myself some cereal book
is I was pretty hungry so I used the
original Alpert almond milk which is my
favorite milk and I loved this loot of X
crispy minis fruit and nuts cereal I
think it's my favorite cereal it's so
good and I also got myself a large glass
of Paddy's yeah I'm now that came for
the day I had a really good time out
each of my mum my sister and I had a
massage then we got lunch then we went
round to my friend Natasha's just for a
little bit like for under an hour off
doing some charity shopping and now
we're home my grandparents coming home
for dinner this evening so then before
dinner I had three of these veggie : the
caterpillars these are the sour ones and
these are so addictive so then on to
dinner we have my grandparents on for
dinner and we always have a huge medley
so I saw soft by having a piece of bread
and some of their Sabra hummus which is
my favourite hermits
and then to eat I had some of these soba
noodles some scrambled tofu and also the
wild mushrooms and onions which you saw
me sorting earlier and I also decided to
add a little bit of this Tomio stirring
red pepper sauce which is my sister and
my favorite pasta sauce then I did have
a dessert I have one of these delicious
Coco passionfruit and peach yogurts this
is my first time trying it and it's so
delicious
and I also had that with some frozen
fruit so do not let this portion size
fool you I had so much frozen mango I
was snacking on it pretty much the whole
time but it was a really delicious meal
and it's always great to eat dinner and
chat with family okay that's everything
that I ate today and now I'm going to
show you what I ate on a day at
university
so for breakfast at university this day
I had supported very predictably I do
like airport every morning I just think
it starts off the day really well it
gives you loads of energy and I just
have half a cup of oats and then I will
add a half cup of water and a dash of
almond developer case I was running out
some almond milk this is the perfect
consistency
then I like to just chop up half of an
honor
and I also decided to add some frozen
blueberries and some frozen mango then I
added a little bit of this country crisp
cereal because I didn't have very much
left and I just wanted to use it up and
now for topping so I like to add some
cacao nibs then I added a teaspoon of
matcha powder and also some hemp seeds
and I just top that off with a little
bit more almond milk while the rest of
the almond milk and also a drizzle of
agave nectar then I always like to have
almond butter my very favorite one is
the coconut and almond one by Meridian
it's so so tasty and I just ate my
breakfast this day whilst doing some
work I don't have lectures until 11:30
this day and so I just spent the morning
doing some studying and I actually did
have a presentation for my poetry class
this day so I was doing some last-minute
preparation for that
[Music]
then it came to lunch and I actually ate
my lunch at 11:00 because I wanted to
eat before I went on campus
[Music]
okay it's only actually 10 11 o'clock
but I am on campus till 6:30 and I
really don't want to bring a big lunch
box with me because I got a huge pair
apologies I need spring at meal Fridays
so beening lunch now I'm not really that
hungry and this is the last piece of
bread I had and it burnt but I'm still
gonna try and salvage some of it I've
got some spinach bite some edamame beans
and then I'll have some hummus with it
but I'm also gonna bring a banana and
some nuts to campus to snack on and then
I'll just have a bigger dinner
this wasn't abnormally small lunch just
because I wasn't hungry I'd had a
long-lasting bowl of oats which would
really fill me up I also just had two of
these water crackers then I had to
canvas as I said I had this poetry
presentation which didn't go brilliantly
but it didn't go terribly and then in
between two of my seminars I decided to
have this apple fruit and nut bar that
my mum had given me a few days earlier
it was really tasty I really enjoyed
this I just snapped on this to keep me
full and going ready for my next seminar
because you don't want to be hungry in
seminars then for my final seminar of
the day I was actually going to the old
library and right before I decided to
look around the bill Douglass museum
which is basically this cinema museum
and it was really cool downstairs there
are all of these amazing old artifacts
and I found this interactive table of
things and there was a flip book of the
Empire State Building which I thought
was really cool
and in our lesson we actually were
looking at some of the old books in the
archives and it was so much fun and for
dinner I decided to have some sweet
potato
[Music]
okay here's my amazing dinner and I'm
just gonna have this with some hummus
Jade told me about the combination Hamas
sweet potato beans and then I just added
some kale and some olives and mama beans
I'm so so hungry so I'm looking forward
to eating this I'm not gonna have some
of these homeless crusts with some more
of this and Moroccan hummus which I
should earlier yes so that is my what I
eat in a day video or what ate in two
days I hope that you enjoyed this video
do you keep in mind that what I eat
changes every single day so some days I
will be more hungry sometimes I'll be
less hungry and I really do try to
listen to my body and keep on eating if
I'm still hungry and stop eating if I'm
full so it does vary a lot what I eat
from day to day so do you keep that in
mind
but I hope that you enjoy watching this
video and I hope that you have a
productive week